[Music]
this is so nice thank you for doing this
oh please cooking soothes me ha so dig
in right oh hey oh that's so good
oh my god oh I know oh my god this is so
this rice I'm so good
behind you sorry they used to live here
sometimes they migrate back over is
there uh is there some way that they
could not be here it's just a farm Birds
really trying to freak me out
Oh God so farm Birds huh yeah it's my
only weird thing I swear and I would
have told you about it but I didn't know
that they would be here nothing I uh
just I know that they're still out there
but there across the hall I mean that's
two doors away gonna take up a long time
to pick their way back over here okay
that's that's not funny okay you know
would you feel better if we went
someplace else I mean we could pack all
this stuff up and they don't go to your
apartment are they working on with this
week it's a total mess but uh I'm
staying at my parents house we could go
there your parents yeah they're out of
town uh uh it's a huge place and uh and
it's got this gorgeous view of the park
to be very very romantic what do you say
yeah that works
it makes the smell of fear
hi you oh my god I know I can do more
than cook
I like her she seems smart
Rachel with my parents Oh Joshua that
$500 was for groceries this no oh no no
it's not that's not what that's not what
it is okay I work in fashion see and and
this is a real dress actually it is
they're they're wearing it in Milan it's
so part of my job is to wear the clothes
and then I see how people respond and
then I report back to my superiors at
Bloomingdale's and obviously in this
case I am going to report back USA not
ready maybe in LA yeah there you go
so of you kids eating yet well oh we
were gonna do that after I ma'am
next well we're starving why don't we
just all go get some D oh yeah well you
have no use wasting this baby just lying
around the house cold we'll go eat
you'll wear that we'll be eating and of
course you'll be wearing that